Lift-off
Ahh, Roger; lift-off and the clock is started
Yes sir, reading you loud and clear
This is Freedom Seven. The fuel is go, 1.2g cabin at 14 psi, oxygen is go
Roger...
Freedom Seven is still go
Roger looking good
This is Seven. Fuel is go 1.8g, 8 psi cabin, and the oxygen is go
Cabin pressure is holding at 5.5. Cabin holding at 5.5
I understand, cabin holding at 5.5
Fuel is go, 2.5g, cabin 5.5, oxygen is go, the main bus is 24 and the isolated battery is 29
Rog, read you five by five... okay
Okay, it's a lot smoother now. A lot smoother
Roger
Seven here. Fuel is go, 4g, 5.5 cabin, oxygen go, all systems are go
That's all systems go... okay
5g
Cut-off. Tower jettison green
Disarm
is green
Periscope is coming out and the turn-around has started
ASCS is okay
Control movements
Okay, switching to manual pitch
That's manual pitch
Pitch is okay
Switching to manual yaw
... understand, manual yaw
Roger Freedom, okay
Yaw is okay. Switching to manual roll
Roll is okay
Okay, looks good...
On the periscope. What a beautiful view
Cloud cover over Florida. 3 to 4 tenths near the eastern coast. Obscures up to Hatteras
I can see Okeechobee. Identify Andros Island. Identify the Reefs
retro 5 4 3 2... 1
Start retro-sequence. In retro-attitude are green
Control is smooth
Retro one, very smooth
Retro two
Retro three
All three retros are fired
Okay. Three retros have fired. Retro-jettison is back to arm.
The booster...
Negative
Switching fly-by-wire
Roll is okay
Roger; do not have a light
I do not have a light. I see the straps falling away. I heard a noise. I will use override
Override used, the light is green
Ahh, Roger
Periscope is retracting
I'm on Fly By Wire. Going to re-entry attitude
You hit the red on the button
Okay, Buster. Re-entry attitude, switching ASCS normal
ASCS is okay
Switching to HF for radio check
Freedom Seven, Cap Com how do read HF?
Ahh, Roger, reading you loud and clear HF, Deke. How me?
Freedom Seven, Cap Com. I didn't read your answer.
Ahh, Reading you loud and clear HF. How me?
Back to UHF
Okay. This is Freedom Seven
"G" build-up 3, 6, 9
Okay - Okay
Coming through loud and clear
Okay
Okay
This is Seven - Okay
45,000 feet now
40,000 feet
I'm back on ASCS
35,000 feet
30,000 feet
Cap Com, how do you read now?
Ahh, Roger, Deke, reading you loud and clear. How me?
Switch over to...
Ahh, Roger
The drogue is green at 21. The periscope is out. The drogue is out.
Okay at drogue deploy. I've got 70 percent auto - 90 percent manual. Oxygen is still okay
And the snorkel's (out) at about 15,000 feet
Emergency flow rate is on
Standing by for main
Main on green
Main chute is reefed
Main chute is green. Main chute is coming unreefed and it looks good
Main chute is good. Rate of descent is reading about 35 ft/sec.
Hello Cap Com. Freedom Seven. How do you read?
Hello CARDFILE 23, this is Freedom Seven. Do you read?
Freedom Seven this is Indian Cap Com, do you read me?
Affirmative Indian Cap Com, let me give you a report. I'm at 7,000 feet, the main chute is good, the landing bag is on green, my peroxide has dumped, my condition is good
Roger Freedom Seven, I understand you're at 7000 feet, your main chute is open, your...is good, over
That is affirmative -- please relay
Hello CARDFILE 23, CARDFILE 23, Freedom Seven. Over.
Freedom Seven, Freedom Seven this is CARDFILE 23, over
Ahh, this is Seven. Relay back to Cap Com please. My altitude now 4,000 feet, condition as before, the main chute is good, the landing bag has deployed, the peroxide has dumped
Ahh, Rog, understand...
Ahh, CARDFILE 23, Freedom Seven
Freedom Seven this is 23
I'm about 1,500 feet now. The main chute still looks good. The rate of descent is indicating 30 ft/sec.
Ahh, Rog
Freedom Seven this is 23 I have... transmissions from Cape Cap Com, over
Ahh, Roger
Ahh, Freedom Seven this is Cape Cap Com, over
This is Seven. Go ahead
Do you have something to transmit at this time, over
Negative. Just relaying my condition is still good. I'm getting ready for impact
Roger
